docs: update Contributing details about gifts part (#8580)
apache/apisix: CONTRIBUTING.md

      Please take a look at `t/plugin/limit-conn.t` and `t/plugin/limit-conn2.t`.
    * For more details, see the [testing framework](https://github.com/apache/apisix/blob/master/docs/en/latest/internal/testing-framework.md)

## Contributor gifts

> If you have contributed to Apache APISIX, no matter it is a code contribution to fix a bug or a feature request, or a documentation change, Congratulations! You are eligible to receive the APISIX special gifts with electronic certificate! It's always been the community effort that has made Apache APISIX be understood and used by more developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have contributed to Apache APISIX, no matter it is a code contribution to fix a bug or a feature request, or a documentation change, Congratulations! You are eligible to receive the APISIX special gifts with a digital certificate! It's always been the community effort that has made Apache APISIX be understood and used by more developers.
```

![Contributor gifts](https://static.apiseven.com/2022/12/29/63acfb2f208e1.png)

> If you are a **contributor in China**, you can [click this link](https://wj.qq.com/s2/11438041/7b07/) to supplement relevant information; If you are a **contributor outside of China**, you can click this [Google form](https://forms.gle/DhPL96LnJwuaHjHU7) to supplement relevant information. After filling in the form, please wait patiently. The community will handle it as soon as possible after receiving the information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Contributors can request gifts by filling out this [Google form](https://forms.gle/DhPL96LnJwuaHjHU7) or [QQ Form](https://wj.qq.com/s2/11438041/7b07/). After filling in the form, please wait patiently. The community needs some time to review submissions.
```

Reviewer 2: cc @SylviaBABY @EmilyKeer
